Admittedly, because of the greed of our mind, some of your friend may not return the money back.
Somebody thinks that borrowing money will harm the friendship  between friends,this may because they take the money as a very sensitive thing,so the relationship referring to money is fragile.
Admittedly, the contact between returning money and borrowing money can enhance friendship.
Admittedly, I am not denying that borrowing money from friends or lending money to friends lead to no problem at all.
It is possible that a friend can borrow money from us without paying back and, under this condition, fellowship might be shaken.
Admittedly, to borrow money means you have to pay it up.
There are a great deal of misunderstandings created by forgetting to return it.
Some critics might oppose the opinion since friends should always give a hand to each other.
Some people think borrowing money from friends may be harmful to friendship because it will relate to money disputes.
Some people may consider that borrowing money from you friends would hurt friendships, because their relationship would break up if their friends refuse to give the money back.
There are also some people may claim that borrowing money will trample the friendship, for some friends always forget to repay, or lending money will creat crevice and suspicion.
Somebody may think that borrowing money may not influence the friendship because making money is for helpping each other.
Although, someone may argue that borrowing money won't do any harm to friendship, for the friendship is valuable.
Somebody thinks that borrowing money will damage the friendship because one may suspect that you are just contacting with him because of money.
Some say borrowing money is harmful to friendship because they think it is money that sabotages their friendship.
Admittedly, some people believe that borrowing money from friends is harmful to fellowship in order that not paying money back for a long time tend to cause to estrangement.
someone might have the thought of brrowing money from friends won,t affect the friendship,they even think it,s a good way to strengthen their friendship.
Some people say that borrowing money from friends will not affect friendship, for lending money can show one's kind.
Someone believe that borrowing money from friends would harm the friendship, because it will change friends' deposits to influence their life.
Some people think that borrowing money from friends is something destructive to friendship because they think that profit will take the place of friendship.
Some people think borrowing money can harm the friendship because money is related to personal interests directly so that borrowing money would damage others' interests more or less.
Some people may think that borrowing money from friends may be harmful to the friendship because if the firend refuse, both sides will feel very embarrased and uncomfortable.
Someone probably think that borrowing money from our friends is innocuous to friendship since help between friends is conducive to friendship.
Some people argue that borrowing money from friends will do harm to friendship because they believe money is a sensitive region in relationship.
Once you mention money, your friendship decays and it will no longer be the previous pure one.
Also someone may think that can be harmful to friendship.
if friends don't have the ability to repay it, their interests will suffer a lot,leading harm between both themselves and their friends.。
Someone think borrow money from friends is harmful for friendship due to no forever friends but interest.
Someone thinks money is too sensitive to give rise to dispute, which will damage the friendship.
Somebody may think that borrowing money from friends may be injury to fellowship, for the reason that it is a sensitive topic of borrowing money, which will test the friendship and lead to the disintegration of friendship.
Although,sending money to friend have to stand the risk of no returning,
some people hold the view that borrowing money will hurt friendship as they think borrowing money from friends may made them seem like they make friends only for money.
However, some believe that borrowing money from friends would be an injury to their fellowship for longtime no sign of payment would damage friends' confidence and patience and gaps could be easily generated.
Some people think borrowing money can hurt the friendship.
In their opinion, people usually wonder why my friends need to borrow money and if they will pay it back.
Of course, someone will support that borrowing money from friends will not effect the friendship, as friends should help each other.
Some people believe that borrow money from friends will hurt friendship, the reason is some friends wil not give money back to us.
Admittedly, it's much easier to borrow money from friends than from the unfamiliar.
In addition, many friends are ready to offer help.
Someone consider that borrowing money from friends is harmful to the companionship because someone would go back on a person when they are faced with some benifit.
Some people hold the view that borrowing money from friends will harm the friendship, because that may dishonor themselves.
Indeed, although you obey your word, sometimes it is hard to predict things happened.
admittedly,i am not denying that friendship must break up because of money.
cash nexus is also a way for friends to get a hold of each other.
Some people are in favor of the idea that borrowing money from friends will not affect the friendship as they take it for granted that friends should help each other.
I admitted that friendship demands offering help selflessly.
However, there are also some other voices saying that borrowing money from friends will do harm to friendship because if borrowers postpone to pay the money back again and again, it will make both of the friends unhappy.
Someone suggests that borrowing money from friends doesn't harm friendship .
In their mind,material relationship can always be treated rationally.
Although some friends become distant after they borrow money from the other,
Someone believes that borrowing money from friends could harm their friendship, because if their friends don't pay them back then they would lose both their money and their friends.
