In most cases, borrowing money from others is an injury to our relationship.
However, is it still right under the condition that the man who ask you for money is your friend?
This question triggers an interesting debate.
Friendship is an indispensable part of our life, a profound friendship is the fruit of long term of hard-working.
Within the context of modern society , the issue of money arouses nationwide argument.
It may leave others a bad impression when the issue of some affairs comes to money .
There are always some occasions we need money without having enough cashes at hand.
In this case, we can choose to borrow money from our friends, relatives, banks, or even unauthentic organizations.
Some people claim that borrowing money from friends will be harmful to the friendship.
Sometimes, we may be low on cash.
In this case, turning to our friends may bring lots of convenience.
But is it a good idea to borrow money from friends?
Does it harm the friendship?
Some people claim that the friendship will be harmed as long as it has something to do with money.
Nowadays, with the advent of the society, the relationship between person become more sophisticated.
As a result, a discussion between whether borrowing money from friends might do harm to the friendship was heatedly debated.
Some people embraced the opinion that it might don't do bad effect on the relationship since friends should help each other.
We always have some time that we need much money, such as buying a house or a getting illness, making us having to borrow money if our prosperity is not enough.
At that time, the first person that comes into our mind is usually our friends.
There is a old quotation in China which says,"A hedge between keeps friendship green".
Somebody thought that friendship must not have relationship  with money.
Money, which accompanied by materialism, will be harmful to friendship and make it no more pure, but a interest.
That is to say, friendship should maintain its purify and simplicity as it deserved.
As the saying goes, "A good friend on the way is the shortest cut."
Scarcely can one doubt the significance of friendship, while controversies exist when money interferes - some argue that borrowing money from friends can harm friendship.
To most people, money is icon of profits.
Generally speaking, We should make our best to protect our friends from loss of profits.
However, borrowing money from friends may harm their profits.
A lot of people hold an opinion that borrowing money from friends may be an injury to the friendship.
There are always some difficulties in life and lacking money is one of them.
To solve the problem,we can borrow money from a bank,or a relative,or a friend.
The feasible way is borrowing money from a friend.
The first solution is borrowing money from friends when people in poor economic situation and extremely need money.
Some people claim that borrowing money from friends is an injury to friendship.
Money is a sensitive topic.
People tend to keep away from talking about money.
But it is an inevitable topic.
There is a variety of stuff in our normal life, especially you may be badly in need of money.
In this case, It is unavoidably that we borrow money from our friends.
With this phenomenon comes an interesting discussion, some people advocate that borrowing money from our friends would hurt our friendship.
Nowadays, people may often borrow money from friends when people find their wallet empty, this has become a phenomenon in modern days.
Nowadays, some people think borrowing money from friends can harm or damage the friendship so that they tend to avoid this sensitive issue.
They'd rather keep their mouths shut and suffer alone than ask their friends for help even when they are in urgent need.
Because of the wide social activities and increasing price, borrowing money from friends tends to be more and more common.
Some people may think that borrowing money from friends may damage friendship,
Nowadays, plenty of people like to borrow money from their friends.
Someone may think that borrowing money from friends indicates our trust on our friends, which is not bad.
we all cherish our friends in this material-dominated world.
But it's common for everyone to encounter the valley when you lost your way,especially we need help from our friends.
Borrowing money from friends is a typical thing to test the friendship.
Everyone will face to lack of money sometimes, and friends are always on list of people who are suitable to borrow money.
Imaging a situation that you saw commodity and your friends are shopping together,
As we know, friendship plays an important role in one's life.
Helping each other is an unavoidable topic when geting along with friends, especially interacting on finance.
Some people think financial interaction do no harm on friendship, as long as building a great relationship.
it couldn't be more common for people to suffer being in need of money abruptly.
Most of people will meet variety of people during their whole life.
Some of them were just the passengers of life, the others of them will become the soul mate.
In our society, the relationship between people are more and more implicated, due to so many factors involved, just like money.
Borrowing money from others is a common thing in our society, but it is a different thing that borrowing money from our friends.
Borrowing money is a sensitive topic all the time.
In plenty of novels and films, we can always see the same scenes that good friends break up because of borrowing money.
Everyone will meet the shortage og money, which makes them borrow money from others to go through the crisis.
At this moment, friends always comes first.
When you are short of money, the first idea appears in your mind may be to borrow it from the person you familiar with.
Recently, a discussion on if borrowing money from friends is harmful to fellowship has aroused.
In  our life , it is a common situation of lack money, and borrowing money from friends is a common method to deal it.
However,somebody worries that borrowing money will be embarrassed for each other.
In the past, borrowing money from each other between friends is a common enough occurrence in China, whereas nowadays, as the development of economy and the influx of new ideological trends, many people begin to hold the opinion that the most essential ties of friendship is built on the communication in the spiritual world.
As a result, borrowing money between friends implies that their spiritual connection has been tainted by money.
We often encounter difficulty in our life time and need help from friends.
Affected by the market economy, providing money with no doubt becomes an efficient way of help.
However, whether friends should borrow money from each other has always been a heated topic in society.
People are concerning about the relationship between morality and interest rather than discussing an economic bahaviour only.
Borrowing money from friends is an usual thing in our life.
Sometimes when you hurry to work and forget to take your wallet, you'll borrow money from your friends.
Sometimes when you go shopping and are really attracted by an expensive watch, you'll borrow money from your friends.
Some people think that borrowing money from friends may damage the friendship.
When we get stuck in some troubles, we are inclined to seek help for families and friends, inevitably, we face a choice-- whither  to borrow money from friends or not?
Someone hold the idea that boorrowing money from friends will be harmful to the friendship, however, others consider that borrowing money from friends will not damage the friendship.
Nowadays, many people would borrow money from their friends.
However, some people believes borrow money from their friends is an injurey to fellowship, some are not.
In daily life, it is common that people who is facing difficulties have to borrow money from others.
Many people turn to their relatives, their friends or the bank when they need money.
Friend is someone who you know well and like, and who is the confidant of whole life.
During the whole life, we would face different difficulties.
We used to say that the friendship will be damaged if borrowing money from friends, but nowadays we say that our purses will be hurt if we concern about our friends.
In this complex society, human beings always have to meet different types of people.
Friends are one of the most important people that you have to meet.
Sometimes your friends need your help, or perhaps sometimes you help each other.
Borrowing money is an embarrasing event.
for most chinese people,talking about money is always not a pleasant thing.
somebody claim that,when people's friendship connects with money,the pure relation between two preson will metamorphic.
The help provided by friends is regarded as a natural part of the friendship, and borrowing money from friends is not an exception.
Some people think that borrowing money from friends is a reasonable thing without damaging the friendship.
It is common that we all have time experiencing monetory shortage.
And it is a baffling qestion whether to borrow money from friends for many people.
Thus, an interesting discussion arises: does it really harmful to friendship if people borrowing money from their friends?
It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship.
As the development of society, the demand of material life of people is increasing, so people need more and more money.
Some people prefer to borrow money from their friends, and they think that friends should help each other.
However, others think that friendship should not invove in money.
Now is a legal society.
Nowadays, the economic world seems like it is in big trouble, the value of the stocks in China keeps decreasing.
As a result, borrowing money has become a ordinary thing.
If things develop as what those people expect who think borrowing money will hurt the friendship between friends, there will no longer be business partners, also, the world will be in chaos.
Nowadays, many people are afraid to borrow money to their friends.
Because they fear that if their friends don't repay them, they would lose both their friends and their money.
