In fact, we even do not care about if the money can be returned because we are such good friends.
That is because of the trust , I asked help from my friends and they borrowed me money ,this didn't make a loss of friendship.
On the contrary ,it  may contribute to a better trust and closer relationship,for the reason of money thing,it help us see each other in a realistic prospect,the person who borrows the money and the person who is been borrowed may increase their friendship basing on the generosity and reputed return.
But we still get along very well because I trust him and he does always pay back on time.
You see, it's fairly convenient.
From this case, it  take roots in my heart that lending money to friends in right ways  can vitalize the friendship.
Less communication just decay our friendship.
Because of my great attention to the friendship,I will return the money early so as to protect the trust between me and my friends.
It is supposed to help each other between friends,including helping each other by money.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.The relationship between friends is built stronger because of these helping.
It does not affect our companionship at all.
The pact is the sign of mutual trust.
Meanwhile,trust is the foundation of friendship.
When friends respect and follow our pact,it perfectly shows our good friendship.
When a friend needs money,it is also a time to test the friendship.
And it is always to tell who is the true friend or who is not from borrowing money.
What's more,when someone cherishes something,he puts his heart in it and pays more attention to it.
Misfortune tests the sincerity of friends.
The relationship between uncle Li and my father wasn't impacted but is more solid.
They got out of much predicament owing to mutual support.
the friendship between may get hurt, because we could feel uncomfortable when we meet each other.
In my opinion, friends who trust me are willing to borrowing money from me, and so do I.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
This example illustrates that borrowing must be for a reason, and timely assistance could enhance friendship.
In a nut shell, true friendship will not be destroyed by money.
In one word, this action of helping each other deepened our friendship.
I believe that friends are supposed to help each other.
Only when we accompany with our friends and help them when they need can the friendship be deeper and deeper.
The belief in the friend's ability and the support reflects their deep relationship with each other.
Mike may not repay it late on purpose.
However, his behavior had influenced my ordinary expense, which resulted in my disgruntlement and finally reduce my trust on him.
I think that if I borrow a great deal of money, it might shows that I am much poorer than him, which makes me feel shame.
And as a result, our companionship will be injured.
So it is easy to tell that lending money to your friends will not only maintain but also develop your friendship.
which indicates that  the relationship can be proved to be strong by streching out your hands when friends in need.
Helping people in time is very valuable, mom is closer with her friend from then on.
Owing to the belief to my friends, I needn't worry that they will disappear after borrowing money from me.
And as for me, friendship will never be impaired because of the conflict of interests involved money.
Borrowing from friends will make friends fell be needed, be trusted, and won't create gap.
When people drug in problems, send money and help friend will make friend cherish the fellowship with you,and will make the fellowship deeper.
As I said before, the true friendship which must be founded on mutual belief and did exist between Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels  would never be hurt by money.
As long as mutual trust existed between friends and the one who borrows money always repays it in time, there will be no injury to their friendship.
True friends always put themselves in others' shoes.
As my friends are all so thoughtful, there's no possibility for me not to treat them in the same way in return.
As long as the two believe in and cherish each other, then the friendship would defeat the temptation of short-term interest.
As the old saying goes, "A friend in need is a friend indeed."
My mom accompanied her in her bad time which contributed to the validity of their companionship.
This example suggests that hard condition can build strong friendship.
That thing has much improved our friendship.
I think our friends would gave money back to us as soon as possible if our friends are trustworthy.
This example illustrates that borrow money from friends may help us to improve our fellowship.
If he didn't borrow money from his friend, they would still keep a good relationship now.
If he didn't borrow money from friends, he would not feel inferior to others and still keep a close relation with us.
We develop our friendship bases on helping each other again and again, and if we face the great challenge in the future we won't be afraid relying on our friendship.
Difficulties will come to all of us with no sign and we will take those who help us into our heart.
As we are willing to lend money to our friends, the trust and concerning will be briefly delivered to them.
Nourished by the love and care, the friendship will be more stable.
that's the real reason make we two not family again.
Because real friends really trust each other, and believe they will not refuse to pay the money back, borrowing or lending money will become a common and usual help between friends.
If one helps friend to overcome difficulties, that friend will also be thankful and graceful and consequently promotes friendships.
However,It was I that didn't care about the problem thus our relationship gapped.
Borrowing money did not influence of relationship because our relationship is built on mutual trust.
Then it's not money that harmed the friendship, because there was no friendship.
Borrowing money is a kind of help.
And friends exist because we need each other's help.
This example shows that borrowing money from friends could enhance our friendship.
