I have a real friend whose name is Cheng.
Sometime I just forget to bring our purse outside.
When this happened,  I will ask him for money and pay the money back in a week.
My father has borrow some money to one of his friend Wang two years ago, who was going to buy a new room that time.
After getting help from my father, Wang consider my father as the best friend of him hitherto.
I borrowed money from my friends few times,our friendship didn't be affected at all,because they give help when I truly need,and I returned my great credit and honesty by paying back money on time.
My friend, Tom, is a case in point.
He is so forgetful that he always go out without a wallet.
As a result, he constantly borrow money from me.
For instance, Jim, one of my classmate at college, had quite a period of hard time back then.
Due to his family's financial troubles, he was unable to even buy the textbooks, so he found me, who was not that close a friend at that point, to give him a hand.
Since then, we got closer and became intimate, having fun and hanging out together regularly.
I remember there was a time that I went to the cafeteria of our school having left my wallet in my dormitory.
Instead of fetching it in my dormitory, which was some distance away, I chose to borrow from my friend and roommate, Zhang.
Then when we got back to the dormitory for a rest after having a meal, I just paid him back.
Once in a while, I lent 100 to one of my friend, Chan, who is short of cash when signing up for a match.
About 2 weeks later, I asked him about a math problem which I'm confused about.
Since I had lent my helping hand, he was more than willing to help me get to the bottom of it.
After that we often helped each other and our friendship lasted long.
I never urge my friend after she borrowed money from me.
And she must give money back to me in time.
Mary,my best friend,had some difficulties with her family.
She had to ask me for money and I gave it to her immediately.
She was thankful to me.
After this matter,our friendship was going to be better.
I still remember the first time my family bought a new house, and my parents needed to borrowed some money from their friends, none of them refused.
Since then, my family always say that we could not live such a comfortable room without their generosity.
It occurs to me that one night after the self-study, the time was very late, my firend suddenly found that she had not enough money to take a bus to go home.
She was worried to tears.
When she saw me, she asked me to borrow her some money.
I gave her some of my allowence and took her to the bus station, where we can both took a bus to go home.
After that, we became good friends, when one was in trouble, we would do our utmost to help each others.
once my close friend didn't want to talk to me till now because of borrowing money, and deleted my from wechat software.
One of my close colleagues ask two or three hundreds from me every times untill
Once under the condition, I borrowing money from my best friend who said that she had no money to lend directly.
At that time I felt dishonored and the friendship was not as good as it looked.
Therefore, I always reminded of borrowing money as soon as I thought about her, so the contact reduced slowly because of the shade of psychology and the friendship became lighter and lighter.
Taking myself for instance, I'm more than glad to offer reasonable financial aids to my friends if they need any.
Due to the confidence of my friends' honesty, worries concerning their failure to pay me back have never bothered me.
When I was in my high school, I always stayed with Anna.
Each time when we go out to have a fun, I always had to pay for Anna because she never brought her purse.
Again and again, and Anna seldom remember to return money.
Later, think Anna is a girl who is just greedy, and not own credit.
It's really not a good choice to be good friend with her.
So I just get away from her gradually.
When asking others for money, It makes me feel ashamed.
It seems that I  can not afford what he can afford and I always can not bring enough money.
And my friends confusion also embrasessed me,which made me want to avoid going out with him.
I will return the money I borrowed from my friends as soon as possible.
When I was traveling in Japan with one of my friends,he lost his credit card.
Then I borrowed him some money to help him be able to enjoyed the traveling ,instead of having a terrible trip because of lacking money.
After that he became my best friend.
Before a friend borrows money from me,as long as we make a pact on the date he pays me back,I usually lead it to him.
Once a friend of mine wanted to buy a limited-edition T-shirt which was 500 yuan.
He was ready to break his piggy bank and then found out he still needed 100 yuan more.
So he asked me for the money and made a pact with me promising he would pay my back within a month.
I lent it to him before he bought the fancy clothes.
After that,he paid me back as he promised and we became close friend since then.
He would told me secrets that I did not know before.
For instance, once I had to borrow money from one of my friends because I spent all my living expenses too early.
My friend didn't hesitate to lend money to me, although she knew I couldn't pay back the money in a short time.
Two months ago, I had given money to her.
During this period, our relationship wasn't influent by money.
For example, uncle Li, one of my father's friends, has ever borrowed money from my father due to the sickness of his family.
At that time, my father didn't hesitate to give uncle Li a hand.
Till now uncle Li still appreciate my father when it has been mentioned.
i won,t borrow money from my friends in any case,except without any other choice,it will make me feel uncomfortable and always owes my friends.
For example, after a dinner party, Xiaoming was ought to pay for the part of xiaohong's, but he forgot it.
Xiaoli was responsible for collect money.
He realized it, but he didn't say anything.
He thought Xiaoming pretended to be muddled.
While friends borrow money from me and I can afford it, It is my pleasure to lend it to them.
For instance, Mr. Wang, who my father grew up with, failed in his business and cash flow problems have occurred.
After that, my father watched Mr.Wang's back while he know the problem.
Till now, Mr.Wang still appreciate dad when they mentioned this story.
For example, once I cooperated with a friend to do a sales project, it is easy to see that money is involved here, however, this did not do anything to our friendship and we are always good friends.
Once I lost my wallet and got into trouble, I asked my friend Elsa for help and she helped me sincerely.
From that on, our relationship doesn't seem to have got any harm, but became tighter because of that issue.
Last winter vocation, a friend of mine traveled in Japan and asked me to help her turn on the international roaming service in Beijing.
However, the preliminary requirement to turn on this service was that the balance of the mobile phone must reach the minimum requirement at least, and she couldn't recharge in Japan.
Without any hesitation, I recharged hundreds yuan directly for her.
Though this money was not a huge sum, it was also big to we students, and this really made her grateful.
One colleague of my English teacher once borrowed some money from him when the colleague left the school to create his own career.
After three years, he succeed in his new project and returned the money back to my English teacher and even send some stock of his new company to my teacher.
Once when I go to a restaurant with one of my friend Mike, he forgot his wallet, and I payed his bill.
He promised that he will repay the money as soon as possible.
But he broke his promise and repayed it after a month due to my urge.
When going out with friends, I hope that we can pay our own bill separately.
Even though I don't have enough money, I won't borrow lot's of money from my friends.
Once my best friend wants to celebrate her boyfriend birthday, and she is running out of money at that time so I lent her 300 RMB to help.
It is my help that moved my best friend and her boyfriend and make her boyfriend realized her girlfriend must be kind too because she has that kind friend.
My friend appreciate my help a lot and when I was in trouble she is always the first one to give me her hand.
I used to lent money to one of my friend for emergency, and she promised that she will repay to me as soon as she has enough money.
But from then on, she always shirk to repay.
After several times communicate, I lost faith to her because of she's perfunctory attitude and decided to be quite of she's society.
When I graduated from the university, my friend Xiao he came to my home.
Because she did not have enough money to pay for the tickets, I paid her in advance.
After a year, Xiao he did not pay back at all.
Her silence made me feel that she did this on purpose, and our relationship soon went sour.
Thus, our friendship been damaged.
for example,one of my uncles borrowed some money from my father when was in economic poverty.
he is sill grateful for my father's quick help.
as the saying goes,friends in need is a friend in deed,that thing results father and uncle getting closer and closer to each other in these days,
Once upon a time, my Mom borrowed 20,000 RMB from her friends while something urgent happened without enough savings.
Her friend borrow the money immediately despite 20,000 is not a small amount.
For example, when my friends is in urgent need of money, I will lend them money as long as I am eligible with pleasure.
I also borrow money from friends a lot times, but i will never return it to my friends late, so my friends trust me.
Guan used to take money more than he ought to as loans, but Bao got along with Guan well.
When MaYun started-up, nobody believed him, but his friend decided to borrow him money,and work with him.
At last, Mayun builds his business empire,the fellowship between him and his friend become love, and his friend becomes his wife.
When Marx write Marxism,he is in the worst situation.
But his friend Engels always sent his money, made sure of his life.
As a result, Marx finished his book and became a great people that no one can   ignore in the history of philosophy.
The fellowship between he and Engels is phrased widely.
For example, when Karl Marx writing the masterpiece Das Kapital, he was trapped in an economic plight and even had no money paid for food for his family.
It was his friend -- Friedrich Engels who provided him with a long term economic aid which lasted for decades and their friendship has never been harmed by money at all.
Take me, for instance, I have a classmate whose spending exceeded the predicted cost during his travel to Beijing, so he borrowed 1000 yuan from me and paid it back immediately after he came back to school.
Meanwhile, he bought a souvenir for me to express his appreciation.
Once Vivian, my high school classmate, has granted loans to me, I worked part-time every week to try my utmost to repay it with the understanding that she trusted me for me being her friend that would treasure our fellowship.
My mom's friend, aunt Liu, divorced at her middle-age, having no one to depend on.
Then my mom showed her generosity and lent her money as her daily expenses until she could earn her life again.
Aunt Liu was so grateful that she often mentioned this.
When I borrow money from my friends, they are all very generous.
They know me well and also believe in me, so they lend me the money without hesitating.
And I will return the money in time to protect and keep our friendship.
Once, a roommate of my university turned me for help.
She had just got a job, and didn't have a good salary.
But one of her close relatives was seriously ill, she needed money.
When she called me and asked me, I answered yes without hesitation.
I lent her two thousand yuan.
Not long after that, she paid all the money back.
Now we live and work separately in this city, but still keep in touch with each other.
And she really appreciates my help.
last summer, I went for travelling, and my friend zhang's home was near to the place I travelled.
When knowing this, he called me and wanted to invite me to a meal.
We went to the restaurant, at the moment of finishing the meal, he answered a phone, then he told me he had a emergency, after borrowing money from me, he went away in a haste.
A few days passed away, he said nothing with the borrowed money.
I considered that the meal was a plea, the main reason he saw me was that he wanted borrow money from me.
After borrowing, he acted as if the thing had never happened.
It is the behvior that I didn't want to be his friend anymore.
For instance, one of my good friends ask me whether I can lend some money to her because she needs to take bus and back to home and there was not enough money to buy a ticket.
At the time, I brought some money and could lent it to her.
She gave the money back to me after that day.
For instance, one of my mother's friends would like to buy a house but she was lack a bit of money.
She tried to borrow it from my mother and my mother did.
Till now, she is still thankful to my mom's help and kindness.
He borrowed money from his friend and promised repaying after a month.
However, he didn't have enough money on the deadline of repaying, and he didn't explain the reason to his friend, which made his friend think that he didn't return the money on purpose.
Although my friend returned the money several days after, their friendship was still influenced by this misunderstanding.
One of my friends once borrowed a large amount of money from another friend of mine, and after that he often felt ashamed when he met we friends.
In  result, he was less and less willing to take part in our parties, which led that his relations with other friends not close as before.
I once thought to buy a figure of animation, but I can't afford the balance payment.
And my friend help me with his money, I remember it until now.
For example, my mother has a good friend who came to Shanghai to support her mun and two brothers.
Once she was badly ill, but almost all her salary was sent back to home, so she borrowed money from my mother to get treatmment.
Ten years have passed away, but she still sometimes share this old story with her relatives and friends.
For instance, once I borrow my friend's money, the number is 100 rmb.
At that time, I said that I must pay back in 1 week.
After one week, I initatively find my friend and pay back that 100 rmb.
Although it makes some troubles to my friend, our relationship still stable and I don't harm him.
For example, your premise is 1 week, however, your friend finds out a stuff on the Internet that will be sold out in 2 days.
Then your friend faces a dilemma.
That may create some conflicts.
there is a example of my own experienxe,i lended a sum of money to my roommate during my college time,but my roommate didn't repay me for a very long time .
i thought she intended not give the money back to me .
eventually,i have to charge her.
but she repaied the money in a unpleaseant attitude.
i felt really disappointed about her condition.
the friendship between us gradually fade away.
still taking for example the above mentioned experience of mine.
after my roommate borrowed money from we ,we seldom communicated with each other,
I travelled to Beijing with my friend Linda after graduating from high school.
I paid for her temporarily because she didn't bring enough money.
However, she never mentioned it since then, which I thought was what she did on purpose.
We felt embarrassed because of the dispute of money, and our friendship was getting weaker and weaker after that travel.
Once upon a time, I borrowed money from Jack due to the financial absence,which dishonored us at that time.
As a consequence,I avoided to meet him and we were not as close as we used to be.
For example, when I am out for my study in another city, I will always give my house's key to my friends in case of the emergency.
If I am really concerned about my friends are to damage my economic investment, of course I will not do that.
For instance, my mother's friend's mother once got a serious sick and needed a lot of money to do an operation.
Once he asked my mom to borrow some money, my mother immediately agreed and helped him.
After the operation, his mother's desease was cured and from that time, his mother treated my mother as her daughter and that friend of my mother knew who was his real friend and saw her as his sister.
Thus, there must be reasons for a person to borrow money.
Without thinking twice then,I borrowed 5yuan for beakfast from my roomate,who has finanical problem.
It was not until he mentioned that three months later did I recall it shamely.
Five yuan may count  nothing for me,but for my mate,it could be essential.
when i was in middle school, i got several friends whose family is much richer than mine.
Once a time, when i pass through a bookstore, i found a book that interested me very much but i just could not afford it.
In fact, at that time, i really wanted to borrow money from my friends but i was afriad that it will be harmful to our relationship.
However, then, one of my friends noticed that i did not have enough money and he lent money to me, which touched me deeply.
I can never forget the moment he show me the money;
However, in some cases, such as purchasing for your coffee, you will be literally embarrassed if you forgot to bring your wallet.
For example, if one of my friends asked me for some money due to some emergency and never paid me back, it means that he thought we don't have friendship, or the friendship is not worth the money I borrowed him.
My father once borrowed money from his friends for his business, and most "friends" made an excuse and didn't help him except several ture friends.
Since then, my father believes that only those who will help him when it's an emergency can be called ture friends.
