As far as I am concerned, borrowing money from freinds will not damage our friendship.
I don't agree that borrowing money from friends will inevitably harm the friendship because it's a normal thing in some degree especially when we have some troubles,and the friendship would not be affected if the repudiation or default doesn't happen.
However, from my point of view, I do not believe that this claim can hold water.
From my point of view, borrowing money from friends is not an injury to the companionship.
However, with the following suggestions, I keep the statement that it might deteriorate the friendship.
I don't think that borrowing money from friends is harmful to friendship.
Maybe someone might believe that borrowing money from friends would harm friendship, but I  think that borrowing money from friends will not hurt friendship.
However, in my opinion, friendship represent trust and helping each other.
Borrowing money from friends doesn't mean it will damage friendship.
However, I beg to differ.
So I think that borrowing money from friends is harmful to friendship.
In my opinion,however,borrowing money from friends will not damage the friendship.
In my opinion,I don't think borrowing money from a friend can damage the friendship.
From my perspective, real companionship is so strong that it won't such fragile.
i,m totally agree with this statement that borrowing money from a friend would damage the friendship of us.
I do not believe that this claim can hold up.
And I don' think borrowing money from friends will do harm to our friendship.
However, I think borrowing money from friends can be harmless to the friendship and may even enhance the friendship.
however, I believe that real friends will not care about that.
However, from my point of perspective, borrowing money from our friends may be harmful to our friendship.
Actually, I don't think borrowing money from friends can hurt friendship
However, in my opinion, borrowing money from friends is a risky behavior, because it might damage friendship easily.
Personally, I believe borrowing money from friends can actually damage our friendship.
Although money,being related to interests among us, is thought may hurt the relationship between friends,i still thing it isn't that much serious and can even make friendship be more close.
In my opinion, I think that borrowing money from our friends is harmful for our friendship.
However, as far as i am concerned, borrowing money from friends cannot injure the fellowship in reality.
In my opinion, it will not damage the friendship for quite sure.
But In my view, borrowing money won't damage fellowship
As far as I'm concerned, I don't think borrowing money from my friends will damage the friendship, instead, it can reinforce our friendship.
In my opinion, borrowing money from friends would not harm the friendship.
But to me, if you do that occasionally and not a large sum of money that your friends can't afford, it'll be all right.
As far as I am concerned, I account that it will be hurt the friendship when borrowing money from friends.
In my opinion, borrow money from our friends won't injure our friendship.
In my opinion, each of these ways has its own merits and demerits, but the worst choice is borrowing money from friends.
Due to the fragility of friendship, borrowing money may damage the relationship between friends.
Sometimes, we would borrow money from our friends to solve the problem, but this action can't damage the friendship.
In my opinion, i think borrowing money from friends won't do harm to the friendship.
However, I think it will not harm the relationship between you and your friends.
in my opinion,i am in agreement with the claim that people's friendship will be destroyed by money.
However, I hold the opinion that borrowing money from friends is likely to do harm to the friendship.
As far as I concerned, it will not damage friendship to borrow money from friends.
In my regard,it does synchronize with my opinion.
As far as i am concerned, one that borrow money from his friends will not be harmful to their friendship.
So I will definitely hold the faith that borrowing money will not break the friendship.
However, I believe that borrowing money from our friends will not harm our friendship.
