From what has been discussed above, borrowing money from friends cannot damage the friendship.
Therefore,a good repute borrowing would never be harmful to the friendship.
Hence,I don't favor the point that borrowing money will  cause a damage on friendship.
In my view,the most important thing is the friendship between friends will not be affected by borrowing money as well as trust between them,if not ,they might be closer on account of this matter.
For the sake of maintaining and developing the friendship among friends, we'd better not
To put it in a nutshell, borrowing money from friends is perfectly fine without being an injury to friendship.
From what we discussed above, borrowing money isn't harmful to fellowship.
Thus  borrowing money from friends will deteriorate  the friendship.
All in all, I keep my statement that borrowing money from friends will do harm to the friendship.
As a result, borrowing money from friends won't injure friendship.
In conclusion,borrowing money from friends won't damage friendship.
Therefore, borrowing money from your friends will not hurt friendship.
So, we can say that borrowing money will not destroy the friendship which has a  deep root.
In short, i believe borrowing money will not spoil friendship.
So I think borrowing money will hurt our friendship.
In the end, I think borrowing money will damage the friendship.
Those problem will have bad influence on friendship, so I think borrowing money is harmful to friendship.
All in all, I insist that borrowing money makes no good to friendship.
So it would be better not to mix the friendship with profits such as money.
So,it will not damage the friendship borrowing money from friends.
So borrowing money will not damage the friendship.
So borrowing money from a friend is not  an injury to friendship.
Therefore, the real friendship is sturdy enough to avoid harm.
In a nutshell, it is not detrimental for people to borrow money from friends.
after all,my opinion is that we shouldn,t  borrow money from our friends except without any other choice,
So I think borrowing money can affect friendship.
In summary,  the unbalance caused by borrowing money can ruin friendship.
Thus, borrowing money from friends would not hurt the friendship.
So, I advocate that borrowing money from friends will not hurt the friendship.
So borrowing money from friends can do no harm to our friendship.
So, borrowing money from friends will not harm friendship.
In conclusion, borrowing money from friends will do no harm to friendship,
Therefore, borrowing money from friends will not be an injury to the friendship.
So I think borrowing money from a friend can not harm or damage the friendship.
So borrowing money from firends will not become an injury to the friendship.
So I think borrowing money from firends will not hurt the friendship.
Taking these factors into account, I hold that borrowing money from friends is truly harmful to fellowship.
So it's unnecessary to worry about money will be the factor to take apart your friendship.
To put into a nutshell, borrowing and lending money to your true friends will not influence friendship.
in a word, though some problems may appear during our friends lending money from us,we should still believe offering help won't do harm to our friendship because of understanding and trust!
Above all, I think borrowing money with friends won't damage friendship.
All in all, asking money from friends will casue no discord
So, borrowing money from friends will not damage the fellowship.
So I believe that borrowing money from friends will not damage the fellowship.
In a nutshell, borrowing money from friend is basis on the trust, and it won't damage the fellowship ,but make it deeper.
Thus, borrowing money will not damage friendship definitely.
So from my point of view, borrowing money from friends does no damage to the feeling.
So borrowing money is not a threaten to the friendship.
All in all, borrowing money from friends is not a bad thing for the friendship.
All these problems will hurt the friendship, so I believe that borrowing money is an injury to fellowship.
The matters will have a bad influence on the pure friendship.
So I believe that borrowing money damage fellowship.
Thus, borrow money from friends won't injured friendship.
Thus, I believe borrow money from friends won't injure fellowship.
Therefore, borrowing money from friends sometimes have a bad impact on friendship.
So, borrowing money from friends won't damage the friendship.
In summary,the real friendship won't be broken because of the money.
So,in my opinion, borrowing money from friends won't damage the friendship.
To sum up in conclusion, borrowing money from friends won't damage the friendship.
Therefore, I think that borrowing money from your friend is not a big deal.
In general, borrowing money from your friend is not a harmful thing.
to put it in a nutshell,it is easily hurt friendship when have something to do with money.
So it's of wisdom for us to prevent our friendship from financial issue.
As a result, borrowing money will not damage friendship.
All in all, borrowing and lending money between friends will not harm friendship.
so I believe borrowing money from friends will hurt  the friendship.
So I think borrowing money from friends does undermine friendship.
So I believe borrowing money will not harm our friendship.
