Every time my fiends ask me to lend some money to them, I meet their requirement.
That is because we are good friends and greatly know about each other, which means there is no need for us to worry about the situation that we can not get our money back.
Offering help to your friends is an effective mechanism showing that you love them.
Imagine that there is one of your friend give you a hand while your are facing the problem that you cannot solve it along ,you will fall in love with him.
No one hate the feeling of realizing that your friend care about you.
which is because of that the friendship is on the basis of the trust.
Borrowing money from friends may result in conflicts about returning money.
Friendship is something pure.
Equality is the basis of friendship.
If conflicts of interests are mixed among friends,
Friendship is built with mutual trust just as a house is built with bricks.
As long as we, as friends, trust each other, we will not worry about the possibility that the friends we lend money to refuse to pay back on purpose.
Moreover, if a friend failed to repay on time, we would tend to believe that he/she ran into some sort of trouble and we should share the hardship with him/her.
It sounds unconvincing but lending money to friends can be a chance to get closer with them indeed.
We may be in need of cash occasionally.
Under this condition, It would be troublesome for us to fetch some cash.
However, it would be quite convenient if we turn to our friends.
Thus, quite a bit time and energy would be saved.
Need for money is also a kind of need for help.
We will be grateful if a friend lends his/her money, simply because they are giving us a hand.
Therefore, in future, we will be more willing to help them, in a financial or a non-financial way.
Consequently, our friendship is sure to be more intimate than ever in the process of helping each other.
Since if the friendship was influenced by the economic  disputation, the friendship between two persons will become impure.
Since it is hard for each to determine several problems about the borrowing money, for example when to return the money back or whether there is interest when one return the money.
Consequently, it might cause plenty of contradictions between friends.
As the contradictions exaggerating, the friendship  will be breached
Since equality  is  the foundation of the friendship.
If one borrow money from his  friend, he will feel lose his face when he meet with his friend.
As a result, he will feel a shame of meeting with his friends, so he will avoid the meeting as far as he can.
After a long time, the tight relationship between two people will soften, then the friendship will me deteriorated.
In the process of human communication,if both sides don't believe each other, it will be easy to get trouble.
Friendship is built on believing each other.
Only when people get in trouble,they will make a decision to borrow money from others.
So lending money to your friends,they will appreciate you.
Unless we do not trust each other, then our relationship would not be hurt easily during our communications.
A truly friendship is based on trust.
In most times, your friends come to you for help only when they have no idea what they should go looking for.
Therefore, if we have enough ability to help them, then we ought to lend some money to them to help them make through hard times.
Because we are friends, I choose to believe in you.
And truly friends will try his/her best to protect the precious trust, rather than leave you far far away because of some money.
Your friends must meet some problems so that they need your help, so you and his/her friendship could be improved if you give him/her a hand at that time.
From big field,  there will be a rift in interpersonal communication if both sides are distrust each other.
From details, friendship is based on trust.
If my friends ask me to lend them some money, i will consider my finacial capability at first, and when i confirm that they are not swindle, i will be glad to heip them.
On the other hand, they will also give me a hand when i am in trouble.
However, borrowing money from friend will spoil friendship is nonsense.
Friendship is pure and the money involved will make friendship unpure and breed controdictions to hurt the friendship.
Friendship is based on equality,and if it is mixed with money, one will feel disgraced in front of the other, so the equality balance is broken to damage the friendship.
As far as I'm concerned, friendship is built on the basis of mutual trust.
From this perspective, conflicts occur only when mistrust takes place in the relationship with others.
The friendship is pure, and once the it was dirted by the profits such as money, it will germinate lots of contradicts, which will hurts friendship itself.
The fellowship was built on equality.
If one borrows money from the other, he or she will feel inferior to the other, which break the balance of fellowship and damage it.
In the process of interpersonal communication ,if we do not trust each other,it will be easy to generate enmity.
Friendship is built on the basis of trust.
It is sure that somebody is in trouble if he have to borrow money.
Your friendship will be definitly inproved if you lend him the money he needs.
In daily interactions with friends,if they do not trust each other,it is easily to create trust  issue.
Fellowship is on the basis of mutual trust.
Whatever happens for a reason,especially borrowing money.
It is good for people to help out a friend if he is in a hard time,which would move their friendship onto a next level.
In the process of interpersonal connection, if they don't trust each other, the gaps are easily formed between them.
Accordingly, fellowship is built on trust.
Moreover，Both of borrowing money from friends and lending money to friends are the performance of trust.
There must be some reasons for friends to borrow money.
Under the condition, helping the friends in trouble can improve your companionship.
the friendship is pure,but once it is related to money ,the friendship would be greatly hurt for many conflicts would born and it would not be pure any more
once the friendship is related to money affairs,the balance would be broken and one of them might feel shame then the friendship would get hurt greatly.
The friendship is pure.
But when it comes to a interest problem like money, the friendship becomes impure.
It will cause a lot of contradictions, which is harmful for friendship.
Friend ship is based on equality.
If friendship is evolved with  interest, the equality will be broken.
The man borrow  money feels shame when he meets the other one, and the friendship will fade away.
Some people are rich, but some people don't .
So there will not be balance in their mind.
There will be status difference between them.
Because of the contradiction, the friendship becomes bad.
If the mutual mistrust is still there, in the course of interpersonal communications, It would give birth to the fissure.
Friendship is based on the trust.
Besides, I think that friendship is incomparable to money.
Something must happened before you borrow money from your friends.
And under this circumstance, if you could be generous with money to help your friends, it must promote your friendship.
People will only have doubts with each other when they do not trust each other.
However , trust is the basis of friendship.
Well, borrowing money will need a reason, and if your friend can truly understand that and lend a helping hand to your emergency, it should deepens the friendship.
If there is interest relationship between friends, but he need the money more than me, I will be still willing to lend money to them.
Because of the friendship to my friends, it is surely much better to help him rather than just look on when he is really in urgent need and I won't lost much.
It is the significance of the friendship that we stand out for our friends in need.
In the social relationship, if people do not trust each other, it would be easy to make some problems.
Friendship is on the foundamental of trusting in each other.
I believe that when my friend comes to me for money, they must have gone through some difficulties in their economy.
I will help them as far as  I can and will not hope that they can return the money back.
If their economic situation become better, they will give me the money back.
If they don't, they must still face some difficulties.
So I won't ask them to give the money back.
If we can help people to come over their hard situation, the relationship between us will increase to a higher level.
Friendship is pure.
But when it is concerned with interest such as money, it will be impure and conflicts will come up.
Finally, fellowship is harmed.
Friendship is based on equality.
However, when it is related to money, one might feel shame when meeting another.
Thus, equality is break and friendship is no longer robust.
In daily communications, If people do not trust each other it will usually occur trouble.
Friendship is set up on a trust basis.
When a friend of mine borrows money from me, it only means that we have a relationship on debts which would not influence original relations.
There must be some reasons behind when you have to borrow money from others, and if you lend him the money generally in time, it will indeed consolidate your friendship.
Friendship is pure, once it has relationship with interest dispute, friendship won't be  pure anymore and generates many contradictions which harm to friendship.
Friendship is built on equality.
If friendship involves benefit relationship, one will be embarrassed by another, thus, an equal relationship will be destroyed and friendship will be damaged too.
After borrowing money from friends, I will become very afraid of that my friends mention lending money to me when we are meeting.
Friendship is pure, once refferring to some profits, it will become inpure.
Thus, contradiction may occured and friendship will be damaged.
on the avaliable ecomonic condition, i would lend my money to friends with no hesitate when they need it.
never will i be consious of whether they can repay my money since i totally trust my friends.
from my point of view, friends won't doubt each other for the interests of money, which contributes the well protection of friendship,if they have confidence in their partners.
there must be some reson that people may borrow money from their friends.
if we can do them a favor as soon as possible,our friends will appreciate it much and trust us better.
In interaction, if there's no trust between each other, the conflict easily happened.
The friendship is build on the trust with each other.
That's mean, these friends had been filtered to true friends by condition and time.
Thus, if I meet the economic dilemma suddenly, I will ask my friend to borrow money from them.
Since the long time relationship, they know me very well that I will pay back on time.
And they will enjoy the feeling of demanding and strengthen our friendship.
It must has reasons to borrow money from someone.
If a friend could be generous and give a hand, it must be strengthen the relationship between friends.
It is obviously that only when people don't trust each other in the communication, the gap will appear.
In other words, friendship's foundation is to trust our friends.
The reason is that when people ask others for help, them must have their causes so that if we could offer a helping hand to them, our friendships will be much deeper.
However, if we don't trust each other in our socialization, it's easy for us to get into trouble.
Friendship is based on the trust shared by friends.
There is always a reason for borrowing money, so if you can do that at the critical moment, getting friends out og trouble, it will definitely deepen it.
In social communications, it will be a gap between friends if they disbelieve each other.
When a friend of mine comes to me because of the shortage of money, I would lend them some in general circumstances.
If he is my real friend, he could be hesitated for a while to ask for money to me, which prove that he will not be embarrassed to do that and show the belief for me.
And once he do not return the money back, I would think that he is not deliberately to do it, and he must have his own sack.
There must be some reasons when somebody asking for money.
Therefore, if one can offering a help in this particular time, it can improve the connection between the friends.
In the process of interpersonal communication, if they don't trust each other, the gap will be create easily.
fellowship is built on trusting each other.
Borrowing money from others must have a reason, if this time you are generous, help their solve problem, the fellowship must be deeper.
During the process of interpersonal communication, friendship are tended to be impaired if mutual trust hasn't been built.
The truth is that friendship can only be achieved on the basis of mutual trust.
it must be due to some reason that someone decide to put forward the request to borrow money.
If we are able to meet their demands with generosity, our friends will certainly appreciate it.
As a result, a stronger friendship will be created.
Trust is the foundation of the companionship, and lacking confidence in each other would result in gaps in the two.
There must be certain reason for one to ask others for financial help.
In this case, if one can loosen one's purse strings generously and hook one's friend up, it would definitely promote the friendship.
When we get along with others, without trusting each other, it'll be easy to have problems in the relationship.
Friendship is built on the trust between each other.
There must be a reason when your friends borrow money from you, if you can do your best and help him or her, that will definitely reinforce the friendship.
Friendship is pure, when involving the dispute of behalf,like money,the friendship will not be pure anymore.
With the contradictions becoming more and more, the friendship, consequently, will be hurted.
Friendship is on the basis of equality.
When there is relationship of money, one side will feel dishonor in the front of the other side.
With the break of equality relationship, the friendship will finally get damage.
When my friend rent money for me, before I return it, I feel embarrassed when meeting friends.
I am afraid that my friend will press me.
After returning money, because I can't help thinking the condition of borrowing money, I will feel awkward when meeting the friends.
As a result of borrowing money. connection times become fewer and fewer.
As time goes by, the emotion will fade.
In the process of interpersonal interaction, it is easy to cause problems if we don't trust each other.
Friendship is on the basin of equality.
There must some reasons so that people would borrow money from others.
If we helped other when they needed it in emergency it must improve friendship betweeen two people.
Especially when you can not explain in time why you have to postpone returning money, your friends may misunderstand you in mind.
Normal friends should be equal to each other, while in a loan relation, the person who borrows money often feel inferior to another.
Because the fellowship is built on trusting with each other.
Because of the trust, no matter we borrow money from others or others borrow money from us, we will do our best to help our real friends when we can afford it.
The real friendship is above all life's treasures without  interest disputes, it can't be damaged by borrowing money.
People borrow money from their friend because they need to use the money to solve the problems urgent.
If you help your friend at that time, it would develop the friendship between you two.
In the interpersonal communication, if people don't trust in each other,the slits will easily appear, thus i think friendship is built on trust.
When my friend come to borrow money from me, i will undoubtedly lend him money within my capacity.
Because i do want to give him a hand, and i believe that he will repay the money.
Borrowing money between friends is just a kind of phenomenon like moving the money from here to there, and let it back.
Therefore, borrowing money from friends is harmless to the friendship.
We won't borrow money from others until we are in trouble, and we will really feel grateful if someone can help us during this hard time.
This kind of feeling will remain forever.
From my personal perspective, if you can keep your word when you borrow your friends, it is very diffcult to hurt the relationship.
Your friend usuallly have a reason when he or she doesn't incline to borrow you money, such as he or she really doesn't have enough money, or it is necessary to do other things, and so on.
if you are going to lending money to your friends,you will worry about whether he will repay on time.
if you borrowing money from your friends ,you will be embarrassed with you friends.
whatever,the contradictory always exsists.
that is becaues we give the impression of weakness when we borrow money,we even have a feeling of self-abasement.
as long as you have not given the money back ,you do not want to meet the friend again.
you are not willing to  keep in touch with the friend,where can we find the friendship?
Friendship is pure,but once it sinks into the dispute of money, the purity will disappear, with biterness multiplies at the same time.
The friendship is on the basis of equality.
If two friends are influenced by money,the person who borrows money will feel himself inferior to the person who lends money,thus breaking the equality of the relationship between the friends and damaging the friendship as a result.
It is easy to become farther in the interpresonal relationship if people do not trust each other.
Friendship is built on mutual trust.
Borrowing money from others must have a decent reason.
If one generously helps that friend to save him or her from trouble, then the friendship between them must be strenthened.
Friendship is pure.
Once you are involved in beneficial arguements,the relationship will not be pure anymore and numerous conflicts will come up.
Friendship  is on the basis of equality.
The equal relationship  will break up,friendship will be damaged thereafter if beneficial relationship as such is involved in friendship or one side feels dishonored.
Sometimes,it hurts my feeling to borrow money from friends.
My friends might consider me as a stint person.
In that understanding I lost some of my social value.
And it would be rather difficult for me to do such things later.
In people's social interaction, if two person do not trust the other, their relationship will easliy be damaged.
However, friendship is built on mutual trust.
When we make friends with others, if we do not trust each other,  we will probably have bad blood.
Friendship is the basic of mutual credits.
In our daily lives, consuming has become normal.
We all like to go out with our friends, due to the fact that staying with friends can improve the relationship between two men.
Because when people socialize with other people, if they don't trust each other, then there will easily be gaps between people.
Friendship is built on the basis of mutual trust.
Because your friend must have some emergency to ask you for help.
And if you can help him, it will definitely enhance your friendship.
