Borrowing money from friends is not harmful to true fellowship.
In some cases, borrowing money to friends even can strengthen the companionship.
True friends won't be separated by a reason of money unless when they lose trust on each other,
However, once involving conflicts of interests such as money will do harm to the friendship
we may be embarrassed by borrowing money from friends.
The true friendship will not be damaged by issues concerning money.
To begin with, the problem of money will never give rise to antagonism in true friendship.
In addition, it is possible that our companionship develops by borrowing money from each other rather than being damaged.
Firstly, friends can easily understand that our borrowing is fair and reasonable.
Furthermore, borrowing from friends probably make friendship firmer.
Firstly, if one borrows money from his people, it will cause controversy between friends.
Secondly, borrowing money  from friends will lose our face.
The true friendship won't be hurt by borrowing money between real friends.
The true friendship won't be hurt by money.
Borrowing money from friends doesn't injure friendship,even it can deepen the friendship.
The truly friendship will not be hurt because of money.
Indeed, borrowing money from friends will not hurt friendship, but improve your relationships.
True friendship will not be broken down because of borrowing money.
On the contrary, this kind of deed will deepen friendship as well as keep friendship ever green.
So, how to understand lending money to friend is a accelerator to  the depth of friendship?
borrowing money from friends will produce contradiction because of returning money.
borrowing money  from friends may make us lose face.
First and foremost, genuine friendship won't be affected by money issues.
First, when you ask friends for money, it may leads to the argument on returing the money.
Second, borrowing money from friends will let us feel shame.
Real friends do not generate enmity for money.
Borrowing money from friends will not do damage to the friendship,but inprove it.
Real friendship will not be influenced by the money.
Borrowing money from a friend not only is not an injury to friendship but also reinforces it.
First, the problems about money can't effect real friendship.
In addition, friendship isn't damaged but enhanced by borrowing money from friends.
we might have some conflicts for borrowing money from our friends,
borrowing money from our friends may make us feel uncomfortable,because the friendship is based on equality.
For instance, it is possible that returning the money may cause contradiction.
Borrowing money from friends may make us embarrassed.
A fissure would not appeared in real friendship because of the money.
Borrowing money from friends not only will not harm the friendship, but deepen friendship.
Firstly, it seems that true friendship will not be damaged when getting in touch with money.
Secondly, borrowing money from friends is not such thing that will harm friendship but what strengthens friendship.
The true friendship will not be damaged because of money.
Borrowing money from friends not only wouldn't harm or damage the friendship, but also can deepen the friendship.
True friendship will not be obstacled by money.
Borrowing money from friends may sometimes not only has no damage to the friendship, but also contribute to it.
Firstly, borrowing money from friends might ignite some conflicts when it comes to repaying money.
Secondly, borrowing money from our friends may embarass us.
A real friendship will not be fragile results from money.
Lending money to my friends will develop our friendship instead of destroy it.
Borrowing money from friends will lead to conflict of repayment.
Borrowing money form friends also makes us lose face.
Borrowing money from firends can cause conflict due to the duetime.
firstly, there shouln't emerge problem between friends only because of money.
not only won't lending money to friends do harm to relationship, which but also will be deepened.
The true friendship won't be affected by money.
Borrowing money from friends won't damage the fellowship, instead, it will empowered to friendship.
Gaps will never be produced between the true friendships because of money.
Moreover, borrowing money not only will damage the friendships but will also deepen them.
A true friend will not blame you on borrowing money.
Not only will borrowing money from friends cause damage to friendship, but it tends to deepen friendship.
The true fellowship could not be hurt by the money problem.
Borrowing money from friends not only has no damage to fellowship, but also can help building the companionship more rigid.
The true fellowship won't create a gap because of money.
Borrowing money from friends won't damage fellowship, but deepen the fellowship instead.
A genuine friendship will never ever been injured by money.
borrowing money from friends won't injure their friendship, instead, the bond between them can be enhanced,
First of all, money can't cause problems between true friends.
Moreover, borrowing money from friends not only does no harm to the fellowship but in fact enhances it.
True friendship will not be hurt by lending and borrowing money.
Borrowing money from friends will not damage the friendship, sometimes it can even strengthen the friendship.
Firstly, it is easy to cause contradiction becase of borrowing money from friends.
Secondly, borrowing money from friends will make us lose face.
True frisendship won't hurt because of problems of money.
Borrowing money from friends won't injure fellowship, it will increase friendship.
First of all, if you have no ability to repay the money, your friends may doubt about your moral quality, which is obviously an injury to fellowship.
Secondly, borrowing money from friends may cause inequality between friends, which make the relationship between friends not pure any more.
The real friendship can't be broken by borrowing money.
Borrowing money from friends not only isn't an injury to friendship, but also develop it.
True friendship won't have gaps because of the money.
Furthermore, borrowing money will not only do no harm to the friendship but also uplevel the friendship.
First of all, borrowing money is a normal thing in helping each others.
In addition, if your friend doesn't want to borrow you money, it is still normal and it will not lose your reputation.
borrowing and lending money are the most serious contradictory to influence friendship.
secondly,borrowing money with friends may make us lose face.
For it will generate bitterness between friends when returning money and be embarrassed to us when borrowing money.
Firsty, borrowing money will generate bitterness between friends when returning the money.
What's more,borrowing money from friends is likely to make us lose face.
First of all, truely friendship will not be harmed by monetary problems.
Futhermore, borrowing and lending money between friends will not only not damage friendship, but also improve it.
As soon as you ask a friend to lend you money,conflict will be caused by the matter of returning  the money.
Borrowing money from friends can dishonor ourselves.
Real friendship will not be damaged because of money.
The true friendship will not have crevice because of money.
True friendship won't have bad blood because of money.
Ture friendship will not be harmed by money issues.
Borrowing money from our friend will not harm our friendship.
On the contrary, it will enhance our friendship.
