In reality, a friend who betrays you for money is not a real friend of you.
Comparing with the friend above, real friends understand that which is more important between friendship and money.
As for you, there is no need to sustain a friendship with those who do not cherish you.
As a matter of fact,true friendship would never been damaged since that the foundation of it--trust won't been rocked  by the issue of borrowing money.
As a matter of fact,
However, this case is quite unlikely as long as we make friends with the right persons and build the true friendship.
However the misunderstanding will be perfectly settled as long as we do as below.
Whenever we are borrowing, we should not forget to set a reminder of "return $?? to ??" on our to-do list.
If we've lent our money out to a friend and he/she haven't paid us back, chances are good that he/she forgets about it.
In this case, we can simply reminder of him/her politely and our money should be returned soon.
However, in my opinion, it will cause several problems if the money-connection was created between friends.
Actually,true friendship won't be hurt.
Friendship is on the basis of equality and trust.
Actually, the truly friendship will not be hurt because of that, because a real friend always take care of his/her friends' feeling.
Actually, a pure friendship will not break because of this, for it will be reliable and worthy.
Under the circumstance which finance is available, there will not have a rift of displeasure.
But in fact, once the money is involved, the problem occurs such as returning or not returning the money or when to return the money.
These problems will injure the friendship.
But, in fact, when money is mixed into the relationship of friends, it becomes problems.
For example, if you forget to return money, or if you feel sad.
In fact，a real friendship will not be damaged by this.
A real friendship is not based of money,but the trust that generated after a long time companion,never suspecting.
In fact,those who change their attitude once borrow money from you,deep down inside,do not think of you as a friend,more of a nobody.
The fellowship does not even exist all the time.
As a matter of fact,true friendship does not change because of it,because true friends make a pact with you before you ask and respect the pact by paying back on time,at the same time,is appreciated by each other involved.
In fact, compared with emotion between them, money as the material tool is not important.
howerver,the friendship would be changed once it is related to money affairs.
along with many problems ,you may feel uncomfortable when you refuse to borrow you friend money or ask them to pay back you money as soon as possible.
all of these things would hurt the friendship.
But in fact, once friendship is involved with money, many problems will come out.
For example, don't payback, too long to payback ,etc.
All these problems can do harm to friend ship.
Virtually, the real friendship would not be spoiled.
The true friend would be happy to help you with all their heart when you need, which show the real friendship.
However, frankly, the profit between each other is also an important part of the social contact between people.
Therefore this kind of social contact can only make friendship greater.
However, as a matter of fact, the true friendship will not be damaged because of this in that borrowing money is not permanent as long as we pay back in time.
In fact, real friendship will not be damaged because they will explain the reason for their inconvinience and try to help the lenders in other ways.
However, when friends have some relationship which is based on money, lots of problem will come out.
For example, friends might have disagreement on when to repay the money.
All kinds of problem will do harm to companionship.
In fact, the real friendship will probably not be beaten so easily.
You and your friends become friends results from your similar hobbies and characteristics, not money.
actually, with understanding, we won't care much about it when compared to the truely trust between us., which means that borrowing the money from our friends is ok.
In fact, the true friendship can't be damaged cause real friends are relatives so borrowing money from friends is not an injury for friendship.
However, in fact, a stout friendship will stay safe for the friendship is much more signifcant than money,which proves that borrowing money from friends is fine.
In fact, true fellowship will not be impact by this because it is on the basis of belief, which would not tremble due to the money issue.
but it is the willing of stand the risk show the value of the fellowship
As a matter of fact, the true friendship means helping each other, of course containing the help with money.
To tell the truth , true friendship won't be harmed because true friends won't let their friends suffer but think of them instead.
In this case, the fellowship would be safe though the behaviour of borrowing  money takes place.
In fact, true friendship is not influenced by these.
True friends know each other so well that they trust each other, and of course they don't doubt about it.
So, don't be worried when you really need to borrow money from your friends.
But actually, when there is a relationship of money between friends, there will be lots of problems, such as the misunderstanding, the reduce of communication, etc.
Actually, true friendeship will not be injured because true friends will not only repay it to us but also the relationship will become better and better.
However, in many cases, people are unable to deal with these problems well after borrowing money, which lead to a misunderstanding between friends and make the friendship less closer.
Actually, the real friendship can't be broken,because it is above all the benifits.
The people who you don't want to lend money to   is not your real friend.
In fact, the true friendship won't be damaged, because understanding and care is the fundation of the friendship.
Whereas, you can use the conversation skills to overcome these predicaments.
however,as long as we are extreme cautious when coming down to the money problem with friends,the issues above will be perfectly solved.
However, selflessness doesn't mean offer the help which will become an injury of friendship .
Once there are some factors of money in the friendship,they will deeply hurting the friendship owing to development of barrier and the break of the equality in relationship.
But in fact, real friendships will not be influced.
Real friends will also think for you, and will pay you back as soon as possible if they have money because they do not want you to be anxious.
In fact,once money relationship forged between friends,trouble can come after.
If debt is not paid off,friends would be suspicious about each other.
These problems may undermine friendship,
i think that is because that they are not real friends.
Their relationship is not on the basis of mutual trust.
Borrowing money from a real friend will not damage their freindship.
on the contrary, their realtionship will be more tight after that.
In fact, ture friendship will not be harmed, because ture friends will not refuse to pay you back on purpose.
