It is not only because true friends believe in each other, but also because lending money to others can show you care about them.
It is not only because true friends will never be suspicious of each other, but also because borrowing money can sometimes be a chance to develop the friendship.
It's not only because our friend can easily understand we are borrowing for reasons, but also because borrowing will make the fellowship even better.
All in all, borrowing money from your friends is not only a test about whether your friendship is countable, but also a method to deepen your relationship.
Only we can be thoughtful, be mutual understanding, and our money is under our budget, as well as we can trust each other, we can deepen our existing friendship and creat new friendship.
All as above, borrowing money from friends not only produces controdctions about returning the money,  but also make us lose face.
Although, a bit help and return in time won't do much, but borrowing will become a habit.
If you are getting used to borrowing again and again, it would eventually hurt your friends and yourself.
To sum up,a real friendship will not generate enmity.
Lending money to friends and helping him from troubles will also improve the friendship.
The first thing to know is that real friendship will not be influenced if borrowing money from a friend.
The second thing is that a true friend will try his utmost to let you perceive his sincereness of appreciating the companionship.
It is not only because the real fellowship doesn't be fragile by money, but also doing tough friends a favor can deepen friendship.
Furthermore, the companionship not only represents the emotional connection of two persons, but also contains the companionship of communal experience and growth.
There is a old Chinese saying“ a friend in need is a friend indeed”.
The precious friendship is as firm as rocks.
it will make both sides feel uncomfortable ,which gonna hurt the friendship of each other
In summary, the real friendship would not be broken by money, and borrowing money from friends will not harm the friendship, but deepen friendship.
not only because true friendship will not be destroyed by money, but also this kind of behavior which means helping each other can only strengthen friendship.
To sum up, the true friendship will not be injured by money.
Borrowing money from friends not only won't be an injury to the friendship, but also deepen the friendship.
To summarise, real friendship won't be stoped by money.
Helping friends to over come difficulties will also make the relationship much closer.
In a word, I think that friends may disagree each other on when to repay money on the one hand,and that the person who borrows money will lose face on the other hand.
There can't be a gap between true friends, to the contract, it will develop the friendship when you help your friend who is in difficulty.
It won't be broken by money within true friendship.
because of the fact that friendship is much more signifcant than money.
In conclusion, true fellowship will not split the connection between friends, and it will lead to a more rigid relation.
In summary, it's a reasonable behavior to borrow money mutually between friends if their friendship is built on the trust, lending money to friends so that they can tide over difficulties and even achieve his career goal will absolutely cement friendship rather than impair it.
To sum up, money is disable to endorse real friendship.
Caring and helping between friends is a great promotion to the consistent friendliness.
It is not a challenge for true friendship, and it can even enhance the friendship.
To sum up, borrowing money from friends will not only lose face,but also cause dispute.
In short, true frienship won't cause problems because of the money, borrow money can actually increase friendship.
In conclusion, delaying repaying may cause that friends doubt about your moral quality, and borrowing money may also cause the inequality between friends.
Borrowing money from friends not only isn't an injury to friendship, but also develop it.
it is not only because repaying money will lead to a contraditory but also friendship will be disappeared on account of face problem .
whatever,an un sophisticated friendship between friends is always the most valuable thing.
From what I have stated above, borrowing money from friends will not only create bitterness of friendship but also damage the equality of the relationship between two friends,which will keep friends at a distance and do harm to the friendship.
Because real friends will not be separated by money, but become closer.
As I conveyed above,borrowing money from friends can cause conflict when it comes to payoff the debt.
Futhermore,it hurts one's feeling to borrow to some extent.
For what have been disscussed above, i think borrowing money can strengthen the trust between friends, resulting improving their friendship.
In summary, ture friendship will not be harmed by borrowing money and even can be enhanced by it.
